DOC DBComposite dynamic data (#166)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/04_Changelogs/5.0.0.md

  - [General changes](#api-general)
  - [Email](#api-email)
  - [ORM](#api-orm)

>   - [Dynamic properities](#dynamic-properties)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Dynamic properties](#dynamic-properties)
```

Author: Updated

  - In Silverstripe CMS 4, calling [`SQLSelect::setLimit()`](api:SilverStripe\ORM\Queries\SQLSelect::setLimit()) with `0` as argument would unset the limit. In Silverstripe CMS 5, it sets a limit of `0` causing the query to return no results. Call `setLimit()` with `null` to unset the limit.
- [`ArrayList::limit()`](api:SilverStripe\ORM\ArrayList::limit()) in Silverstripe CMS 5 throws an `InvalidArgumentException` when called with a negative `$length` or `$offset`.

> ### Dynamic properites {#dynamic-properties}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Dynamic properties
```
No need to add an explicit anchor if it's just the same as the default

Author: Updated

> - PHP Dynamic properities were deprecated in PHP 8.2 to minimize the confusion caused by having API that was not explicitly declared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PHP Dynamic properties were deprecated in PHP 8.2 to minimise the confusion caused by having API that was not explicitly declared.
```
"minimize" with a z is american spelling - though I won't hold up the PR just for this if you choose not to change that.

Author: Updated

- To support backwards compatibility with project and module code, the magic methods `__get()` and `__set()` on [`SilverStripe\View\ViewableData`](api:SilverStripe\View\ViewableData) will simulate dynamic properties by writing values to an array stored as a private property.
- This functionality may not work if subclasses override any of the following methods: `__get()`, `__set()`, `getField()`, `setField()`, `hasField()`.

> - If these method overrides break this functionality, the private property array that stores the values can be accessed with via the following methods: [`SilverStripe\View\ViewableData::getDynamicData()`](api:SilverStripe\View\ViewableData::getDynamicData()), [`SilverStripe\View\ViewableData::setDynamicData()`](api:SilverStripe\View\ViewableData::setDynamicData()), [`SilverStripe\View\ViewableData::hasDynamicData()`](api:SilverStripe\View\ViewableData::hasDynamicData())

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If these method overrides don't call the parent methods, they may need access to the dynamic data. The private property array that stores the values can be accessed with via the following methods: [`SilverStripe\View\ViewableData::getDynamicData()`](api:SilverStripe\View\ViewableData::getDynamicData()), [`SilverStripe\View\ViewableData::setDynamicData()`](api:SilverStripe\View\ViewableData::setDynamicData()), [`SilverStripe\View\ViewableData::hasDynamicData()`](api:SilverStripe\View\ViewableData::hasDynamicData())
```

Author: Updated
